readme.md, before:

# Generate Calendar

## Descripción 📄

Every year I have to look for a calendar to print out since I like to organize myself that way. This year I decided that instead of wasting time looking for it, I was going to create it myself, so I made this project to generate the annual calendar by months. Just enter the year you want and it will generate the calendar for that year.

### Deploy 🔥
```
https://generate-calendar.onrender.com/
```

## Instalación 🚀

Follow these steps to install and run the project:

1. Clon the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Rafael3994/generate-calendar.git
   ```

2. Go to the folder and install the depencencies.
   ```bash
   cd generate-calendar
   npm install
   ```

3. Set the command to run the project and the year you want to generate the calendar.
    ```bash
   npm run start {year}
   ```

![Logo of the project](./assets/screeshot-project.png)

## Author 👑
Rafael Garcia Perez
[GitHub - Rafael3994](https://github.com/Rafael3994)
[Linkedin - Rafael3994](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rafael3994/)

Commit message:

Release_V3
* feature: import file

* feature:doawload-file

* feat:responsive

* feat:remove an example csv

* feat: update readme

* feat: section build with in readme

readme.md, after:

# Generate Calendar

## Descripción 📄

Every year I have to look for a calendar to print out, since I like to organize myself that way. This year I decided that instead of wasting time looking for it, I was going to create it myself, so I made this project to generate the annual calendar by months. Just enter the year you want, and it will generate the calendar for that year.

### Deploy 🔥
```
https://generate-calendar.onrender.com/
```

In the page, to generate the calendar, put the year and the different events if you want it. Also, you can download a template to add the events and import this file with them to get it dynamically.

![Page calendar](./assets/screeshot-project-web.png)

## Instalation local 🚀

Follow these steps to install and run the project:

1. Clon the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Rafael3994/generate-calendar.git
   ```

2. Go to the folder and install the depencencies.
   ```bash
   cd generate-calendar
   npm install
   ```

3. Set the command to run the project and the year you want to generate the calendar.
    ```bash
   npm run start {year}
   ```

![Simple calendar download](./assets/screeshot-project.png)


1. Add events to the calendar using a string in the command. In the name of the event, you can use emojis.
    ```bash
   npm run start {year} '["{day}/{month}/{name_event}"'

   example:  npm run start 2024 '["1/1/💪 First day of the year 🔥"]'
   ```
![Calendar with events download](./assets/screeshot-project_event.png)

### Build with 🔨
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/es/) - Runtime
* [Express.js](https://expressjs.com/es/) - Framework backend Javascript
* [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - Programming Language
* [Javascript]() - Programming Language
* [Jspdf](https://artskydj.github.io/jsPDF/docs/index.html) - Library to generate PDFs
* [Twemoji](https://emojipedia.org/es/twitter) - Icon images
* [Html](https://html.com/) - Markdown Language
* [CSS](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html) -  Style Sheet Language

## Author 👑
Rafael Garcia Perez
[GitHub - Rafael3994](https://github.com/Rafael3994)
[Linkedin - Rafael3994](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rafael3994/)
